♪Do you know, our fingertips
are bound by one string♪
♪Tied to an attachment
that blooms only to fade♪
♪By your side once♪
♪I laughed with the world
wild and free♪
♪Yet now there's no one
to carry the story on♪
♪Do you know you are the one string
woven through my fate♪
♪Coiled through the years,
where longing sharpens into pain's line♪
♪If love is meant to fall
more wretched the fiercer its flight♪
♪Yet I still came to answer your call♪
=Shall We Dance=
=Episode 18=
Do not worry.
General Xiao did not strike
His Majesty with thunder,
which means he approves
of you two being together.
Duanmu Zhi.
Could you put that more tactfully?
Xiao Man's parents
may be just behind that cloud,
watching over their precious daughter.
Lord Zhen.
General Xiao.
I, Chu Ying, will pacify the borders,
and treat the people well.
One day, I will clear
the Zhen family's name,
and restore Xiao Man's innocence.
Your Majesty, look.
The moon is out.
The clouds have parted,
and the moon has appeared.
This year's Mid Autumn Festival
is clear and bright.
What great fortune.
It is a pity,
on a night of full moon,
one cannot reunite with parents
and family.
To the parents I never met,
I, Chu Wuju, truly cherish Sun Gong.
I will care for him in your stead.
You startled me.
I am sorry.
Sorry for what?
Duanmu Zhi, look.
It must be Xiao Man's parents
who heard my prayer.
Yes.
They have answered.
They have.
Lord Zhen.
General Xiao.
Please entrust Xiao Man to me.
I will treat her well.
Your Majesty,
please stop saying such things.
Fathers rarely
like their daughters' suitors.
I do not believe that.
Then
let Xiao Man care for me instead.
Is that all right?
How can you say such things
to her parents?
Lord Zhen would never agree.
Then what am I to do?
I refuse to believe you
truly think that way.
If I do not believe it,
it does not exist.
Do not listen to him.
Lord Zhen, please do not be angry.
Strike me instead.
The moon is out.
Let us pay our respects to the moon.
(The clouds part, and the moon appears.)
I have no ties with General Xiang.
On the Mid Autumn Festival,
why did you invite me here?
That day,
in court,
you read the edict and turned the tide.
That caught my interest,
and I wished to see for myself.
I also had questions of my own,
so I accepted the invitation.
I hope the General
will share a cup with me.
I never drink with eunuchs.
I only sit with men of real talent.
However,
do you have what it takes?
I am willing to face the General's test.
(This young eunuch's looks and bearing)
(are indeed much like Xiao Congrong's.)
What I value are those
fit for the battlefield,
true skill, proven by strength.
I happen to dislike as well
lightweight spears and dainty blades.
Heavy weapons suit me better.
May I ask
whether I have passed your test?
This time,
I came to ask the General one question.
May I ask, General,
do you still remember
the former leader of the Xiao Army,
Xiao Congrong?
Back then,
the late Emperor ordered the Xiao Army
to press their victory
and wipe out the border tribes.
Though a general in the field
may act beyond imperial command,
General Xiao
did not carry out total annihilation.
Instead, she advised the late Emperor
that war had devastated
the border people,
and urged the opening of border trade.
Defying imperial will,
was the first grave offense.
Because of her proposal,
the border people
began to rally behind her.
Merit overshadowing the throne,
was the second grave offense.
Yet all this,
the late Emperor
endured for Zhen Xiujin's sake,
for a time.
Until imperial envoys
went to the Xiao Army camp
to deliver the decree.
The Xiao Army
refused even the tiger tally,
recognizing only Xiao Congrong.
That act
was little different from rebellion.
Only then did it cross
the late Emperor's bottom line,
and stir his intent to kill.
After all these years,
do you not find the decision
you and the late Emperor made
utterly absurd?
Today,
do you regret what you did back then?
I have no regrets.
I only know one rule.
Follow the Emperor.
Always follow the Emperor.
Those who chase reputation,
whose merit eclipses the throne,
if not removed,
will one day overturn the dynasty.
It is kill or be killed.
That is all there is to it.
Any survivor of the Zhen family,
today,
I will eradicate without mercy,
and be done with it.
Stop.
Come with me.
Why did you come alone
to Yanbo Parlor for this meeting?
Good thing my brothers
and I ran into you.
Who are you?
I am Yun Shuyan.
Who do you serve?
The Grand Princess.
This way.
Why did you save me?
My mother
was General Xiao's deputy general.
My father was Chief
of the Zhenzhe tribe.
My mother died wronged
in that old case.
What?
Then why not seek revenge
and instead serve the Chu clan?
After the Xiao Army was disbanded,
I was left adrift at the border.
The Grand Princess saved me.
After I became
Chief of the Zhenzhe tribe,
I became her ally at the border.
I was once like you.
After learning the truth,
I wanted to kill her for my mother,
to avenge the Xiao Army.
But as I came to know her,
I learned she may
seem arrogant and domineering,
yet she has borne hardship in silence.
For years she ruled
from behind the curtain,
doing more good
for the people than anyone knows.
So you have given up on revenge?
When I was young, my mother told me
the Xiao Army never fought for hatred.
The grudges of the previous generation
should end with them.
Then
will you tell the Grand Princess
about what happened tonight?
And tell His Majesty?
No.
Why?
Because I think
you should think it through as well,
how you will live with the emperor.
As General Xiao's daughter,
how you will lay down hatred.
I do not understand much,
but I do know that
nothing in this world stays the same.
What troubles you now
may resolve itself in time.
The Princess often says
time brings its own turning point.
Leave everything to time.
Bad news.
General Xiang has been assassinated.
I have already dealt with Xiang Gu.
Now it is your turn.
I have nowhere left to run.
I only ask to die knowing the truth.
Sun Gong, it was you.
I am not Sun Gong.
My name is Zhen Muyu.
I am the son of Zhen Xiujin
and Xiao Congrong.
Then dying by your hand
is only right.
Then Xiao Man
must also be Xiao Congrong's blood.
What happened back then
has weighed on my conscience.
Zhen Muyu,
after I am gone,
I hope you will stand by His Majesty.
I have committed many wrongs in my life,
but my loyalty to Great Qian
is clear as the moon.
Lord He, you are a good minister,
but today I must kill you.
I can face my conscience.
We
are even now.
I hope you will not live on with hatred.
♪I wanted to ask you
the meaning of forever♪
♪Is it longing that never rests♪
♪Love that echoes without end♪
♪Or promises that can't be kept♪
♪All those vows of forever we made♪
♪Are sealed away in darkness now♪
♪How cruel♪
♪Love blooms and withers♪